docs(external-plugins) add guide to use in container and K8S (#3235)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.5.x/external-plugins.md

<center><img title="Latency" src="/assets/images/docs/external-plugins/latency.png"/></center>

## Use external plugins in container and Kubernetes

When using external plugin servers in container, they need to be installed inside the container
alongside with any external plugins as well.

> For Golang, user may build external plugins in embedded server mode in a builder container

Reviewer: I think "user may" makes this confusing because it implies there are are other options.

```suggestion
For Golang, build external plugins in embedded server mode in a builder container
```

Reviewer 2: When you say, "For Golang" what exactly do you mean? For instances when you are building external plugins written in Golang? 
```suggestion
For plugins written in Golang, build external plugins in embedded server mode in a builder container
```

> For Golang, build external plugins in embedded server mode in a builder container

Author: ```suggestion
For plugins written in Golang, build external plugins in embedded server mode in a builder container
```

> and copy or mount the binary artifacts into Kong container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and copy or mount the binary artifacts into the Kong container.
```

> For JavaScript, user may install Node and npm first and use npm to install `kong-pdk`, then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For JavaScript, install Node and npm first and use npm to install `kong-pdk`, and then
```

> copy or mount the plugins source code into Kong container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
copy or mount the plugins source code into the Kong container.
```

> For Python, user may install Python and pip and use pip to install `kong-pdk`, then
> copy or mount the plugins source code into Kong container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Python, install Python and `pip`. Then use `pip` to install `kong-pdk`. Finally
copy or mount the plugin's source code into Kong container.
```

> Please also refer to previous sections on how to configure Kong after you build the image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to previous sections on how to configure Kong after you build the image
```

> or created the container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or create the container.
```

> Note official Kong images are configured to run as `nobody` user. To copy files into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> **Note:** Official {{ site.base_gateway }} images are configured to run as the `nobody` user. When building a custom image, to copy files into
```

> the Kong images to build a custom image, user need to temporary set the user back to `root`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the {{ site.base_gateway }} image, you must temporarily set the user to `root`.
```
